ceph: service server cert support for rgw (#7598)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-store-crd.md

* `port`: The port on which the Object service will be reachable. If host networking is enabled, the RGW daemons will also listen on that port. If running on SDN, the RGW daemon listening port will be 8080 internally.
* `securePort`: The secure port on which RGW pods will be listening. An SSL certificate must be specified either via `sslCerticateRef` or `annotations`
* `instances`: The number of pods that will be started to load balance this object store.
* `externalRgwEndpoints`: A list of IP addresses to connect to external existing Rados Gateways (works with external mode). This setting will be ignored if the `CephCluster` does not have `external` spec enabled. Refer to the [external cluster section](ceph-cluster-crd.md#external-cluster) for more details.
* `annotations`: Key value pair list of annotations to add. The TLS secrets can be passsed to RGW with following:
```yaml
gateway:

>   annotations:

Reviewer: Actually the annotations are used for something else already, these annotations will be added to all the rgw pods. Since the new feature has a very different purpose to apply to the service, let's add a new property to the gateway, such as `servingCertSecretName`

Author: @travisn : Is it harmful to have this part of `annotations`? Having it in`annotations` will match with the how `service serving cert`  consumed. I agree this change need to be defined only in `object-openshift.yaml`

Reviewer: If it remains on these annotations, you will have extra annotations on the rgw pods, and also extra annotations on the rgw service. While extra annotations don't hurt, they have a distinct purpose so I'm suggesting we keep them separate. The rgw pods would get their annotations from this CR property, and the rgw service would get the annotation from the new property, only for the cert. Instead of my other name proposal, perhaps we call it `serviceAnnotations` so other arbitrary annotations can also be added to the service if desired.

    service.beta.openshift.io/serving-cert-secret-name: <name of tls secret yet to generate>

>     #above feature is supported in openshift known as service serving cert

Reviewer: nit: move this comment above the previous line, for documentation I think it's more readable that way

The gateway settings correspond to the RGW daemon settings.

* `type`: `S3` is supported

> * `sslCertificateRef`: If specified, this is the name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the SSL certificate to be used for secure connections to the object store. Rook will look in the secret provided at the `cert` key name. The value of the `cert` key must be in the format expected by the [RGW service](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/install/ceph-deploy/install-ceph-gateway/#using-ssl-with-civetweb): "The server key, server certificate, and any other CA or intermediate certificates be supplied in one file. Each of these items must be in pem form."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `sslCertificateRef`: If specified, this is the name of the Kubernetes secret that contains the TLS certificate to be used for secure connections to the object store. Rook will look in the secret provided at the `cert` key name. The value of the `cert` key must be in the format expected by the [RGW service](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/master/install/ceph-deploy/install-ceph-gateway/#using-ssl-with-civetweb): "The server key, server certificate, and any other CA or intermediate certificates be supplied in one file. Each of these items must be in PEM format."
```

* `port`: The port on which the Object service will be reachable. If host networking is enabled, the RGW daemons will also listen on that port. If running on SDN, the RGW daemon listening port will be 8080 internally.

> * `securePort`: The secure port on which RGW pods will be listening. An SSL certificate must be specified either via `sslCerticateRef` or `serviceAnnotations`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `securePort`: The secure port on which RGW pods will be listening. A TLS certificate must be specified either via `sslCerticateRef` or `serviceAnnotations`
```

> * `securePort`: The secure port on which RGW pods will be listening. An TLS certificate must be specified either via `sslCerticateRef` or `service.annotations`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `securePort`: The secure port on which RGW pods will be listening. A TLS certificate must be specified either via `sslCerticateRef` or `service.annotations`
```

* `instances`: The number of pods that will be started to load balance this object store.
* `externalRgwEndpoints`: A list of IP addresses to connect to external existing Rados Gateways (works with external mode). This setting will be ignored if the `CephCluster` does not have `external` spec enabled. Refer to the [external cluster section](ceph-cluster-crd.md#external-cluster) for more details.
* `annotations`: Key value pair list of annotations to add.
* `labels`: Key value pair list of labels to add.
* `placement`: The Kubernetes placement settings to determine where the RGW pods should be started in the cluster.
* `resources`: Set resource requests/limits for the Gateway Pod(s), see [Resource Requirements/Limits](ceph-cluster-crd.md#resource-requirementslimits).
* `priorityClassName`: Set priority class name for the Gateway Pod(s)

> * `serviceAnnotations`: Key value pair list of annotations to add for the RGW service. For example TLS secrets can be passsed to RGW with following:

Reviewer 3: Is this clarification still correct?

```suggestion
* `serviceAnnotations`: Key value pair list of annotations to add for the RGW's Kubernetes Service. For example TLS secrets can be passsed to RGW with following:
```

> * `service`: The annotations to set on that need pass to the Kubernetes service of RGW. For example, the [service serving cert](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/security/certificates/service-serving-certificate.html) feature supported in Openshift is given as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `service`: The annotations to set on the Kubernetes service of RGW. For example, the [service serving cert](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/security/certificates/service-serving-certificate.html) feature supported in Openshift is given as following:
```

Reviewer 3: Nit on nit: Kubernetes docs capitalize "Service"

```suggestion
* `service`: The annotations to set on that need pass to the Kubernetes Service of RGW. For example, the [service serving cert](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/security/certificates/service-serving-certificate.html) feature supported in Openshift is given as following:
```

> * `service`: The annotations to set on that need pass to the Kubernetes service of RGW. For example, the [service serving cert](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/security/certificates/service-serving-certificate.html) feature supported in Openshift is given as following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `service`: The annotations to set on that need pass to the Kubernetes service of RGW. For example, the [service serving cert](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.6/security/certificates/service-serving-certificate.html) feature supported in Openshift is enabled by the following example:
```

```yaml
gateway:
  serviceAnnotations:
    #the feature mentioned below is supported in openshift known as service serving cert

>     service.beta.openshift.io/serving-cert-secret-name: <name of tls secret yet to generate>

Reviewer 3: "name of tls secret **yet to generate**" doesn't make grammatical sense to me. Can this be reworded to be more clear?

Additionally, I think it will be important for users to understand 2 things:
1. is "service" here referring to a kubernetes Service?
2. is "secret" here referrring to a kubernetes Secret?

Author: The feature name is `service serving cert`, I will make it as link reference

>     service.beta.openshift.io/serving-cert-secret-name: <name of tls secret yet to generate>

Reviewer 3: Is there a way we can support this feature for all upstream users, not only those using OpenShift? 
Are there other services that might serve certs to users that we can provide a generic way to do this?

Author: @BlaineEXE : I tried googling(automatic tls secrets for kubernetes services) but didn't any similar feature or alternatives for this in Kubernetes. If I understand correctly some applications(like ingress) are capable of doing it for their use case not a generic way

>     service.beta.openshift.io/serving-cert-secret-name: <name of tls secret yet to generate>

Reviewer 3: What if, instead of `gateway.serviceAnnotations` we added a `service` section to the gateway in case we need to add additional things to the service later?

```yaml
gateway:
  service:
    annotations:
```
